# Ensemble-Building-for-Identification-of-autism-adhd-depression-and-anxiety-from-text-in-Reddit-med
The rise in people’s mental illness continues to be a prominent concern for the developed world; having a significant influence on both the economies of nations and people’s social wellbeing. Mental health is an indicator of social wellbeing expressed through the use of language among people suffering from mental illness. Many, due to fear of stigma, avoid clinical diagnosis and prefer to express their emotional wellbeing through social media; hoping to seek support concerning their mental illness. This study proposes to build an ensemble of state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms such as Logistic Regression, Random Forest classifier, Naïve Bayes classifier, Support Vector Machine, bagging ensemble and RNN deep learning approach to identify and classify four mental health conditions - Autism, ADHD, Depression and Anxiety - from Reddit media space. Dataset for the study was scraped from Reddit through Reddit API. Key phrases inferred from ICD-11 was used to identify specific users having a form of mental health condition from each subreddit. Vectorization was done using TF-IDF vectorizer and GloVe. The dataset was treated both as a multi-class and binary classification problem, while different performance metrics were generated for the algorithms developed. All the algorithms experimented performed significantly better when treated as a binary problem against multi-class.  Also, Deep learning approach was found to produce an improved performance in the classification model both as multi-class and binary classification problem.
